that
Who?
Welcome to Family Leader Chen Family Leader Chen Family Leader
Brother Chen, you are finally here. Welcome to Brother Chen.
The boy is dying and doesn't know it yet
So poor
Haha, give this sentence to yourself.
Pressure mouth
Okay, I'm going to see how you die
Xiao Chen doesn't hurry up and get up his luggage
mere instructions
Not yet qualified to let me luggage
What's more, there is no reason for a master to give a slave
The loess child still dares to speak wildly and hum
Boy, I see you don't cry without seeing the coffin.
Little has such a big breath
I don't know who the name is.
He is a liar
His name is Xiao Chen
Just a piece of crap pretending to be lame for sympathy
Since being ousted by Su Jiakai
He wants to make a show
I sent these actors to make a big dragon feast
And he not only smashed the dragon general
Also make enemies with the whole family in Qinzhou
It's hubris and lawlessness
And here's what's even more annoying.
He wants to withdraw your position of the Dragon Palace?
Presumptuous, I thought you were crossing the river Qianlong
Give you a little face
I didn't expect you to be a rabid mad dog
Call me virtuous and interesting
Withdraw my position as a straight soldier in the Dragon Palace
Hahahahaha
Do you think
Are you the supreme dragon palace supreme?